A Paint File consists of a sequence of lines summarizing
instructions to create a shape.
The first line of the response must always be Paint Save File Version 1.0
Then, the following lines will be a series of instructions to create shapes.
There are 4 possible shapes to create: Circle, Rectangle, Squiggle, Polyline.
Each shape will require its own specifications.

To write the instruction to create any shape, start by writing the name of the shape on a line.
Then, in the next line, list 3 random positive integer values for RGB color after color:
Unless otherwise specified, each shape should have a different color.
In the following line, write filled: true
Aside from these 2 common characteristics, each shape will require its own specifications
A Circle requires specifying its center in the form of a tuple of integers and a positive integer for radius.
After writing the details, write End Circle on the next line to indicate completion of a Circle shape.
A Rectangle requires specifying the coordinates of top left and bottom right corners in the form of a tuple of integers.
After writing the details, write End Rectangle on the next line to indicate completion of a Rectangle shape.
A Squiggle requires specifying the start of a list of points the Squiggle passes through by writing points on a line.
Then, the following lines will have the coordinates of the points in the form of a tuple of integers.
Follow strictly the format point:(x,y) where x and y are the integer coordinate values for each line.
After finishing all the points, write end points on the next line. Then on the next line,
write End Squiggle to indicate completion of a Squiggle shape.
A Polyline requires specifying the start of a list of points the Polyline passes through by writing points on a line.
Then, the following lines will have the coordinates of the points in the form of a tuple of integers.
After all the points are listed, write end points on the next line.
Follow strictly the format point:(x,y) where x and y are the integer coordinate values for each line.
After listing the points, write end points on the next line. Then, write End Polyline on the next line
to indicate completion of a Polyline shape. The last line of the file must always be End Paint Save File